Docs on `wgpu-matrix` integration (#503)
software-mansion/TypeGPU: apps/typegpu-docs/src/content/docs/guides/wgpu-matrix-integration.mdx

---
title: Using TypeGPU with wgpu-matrix
description: A guide on how to use TypeGPU with wgpu-matrix.
draft: true
---

The [wgpu-matrix](https://github.com/greggman/wgpu-matrix) library is a popular tool for WebGPU developers to work with matrices.

> It is designed from the ground up to be compatible with WebGPU, and it provides a lot of useful features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is designed from the ground up to be compatible with WebGPU, and TypeGPU works with it seamlessly.
```

> From `wgpu-matrix` version `3.3.0` and `typegpu` version `0.2.0`, it is possible to use TypeGPU primitives inside the `wgpu-matrix` library.

Reviewer: Suggestion, could we make this a note?

```suggestion
:::note[Supported versions]
`wgpu-matrix`: 3.3.0 and up
`typegpu`: 0.2.0 and up
:::
```

## Using `wgpu-matrix` functions with TypeGPU primitives

> Most `wgpu-matrix` functions are designed to accept `BaseArgType` as input arguments. They are defined as follows:
> 
> ```ts
> type BaseArgType = Float32Array | Float64Array | MutableNumberArray
> ```
> 
> where `MutableNumberArray` is defined as:
> 
> ```ts
> interface MutableNumberArray {
> 	readonly length: number;
> 	[n: number]: number;
> }
> ```
> 
> And since TypeGPU's vector and matrix implement this interface, you can use them directly with those functions.
> For example, you can create a vector and normalize it like this:

Reviewer: Imo, we can skip the technical details of how it works.

```suggestion
You can create a vector and normalize it like this:
```
